[Serializer] Update serializer.rst (#20479)
symfony/symfony-docs: serializer.rst

    This denormalizer converts an array of arrays to an array of objects
    (with the given type). See :ref:`Handling Arrays <serializer-handling-arrays>`.

>     ByUsing the PropertyInfoExtractor you can simply annotate the arrays by '@var Person[]'

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    By using :class:`Symfony\\Component\\PropertyInfo\\PropertyInfoExtractor` you can provide hints with annotations like `@var Person[]`
```

    .. configuration-block::

        .. code-block:: php-standalone

            use Symfony\Component\PropertyInfo\Extractor\PhpDocExtractor;
            use Symfony\Component\PropertyInfo\Extractor\ReflectionExtractor;
            use Symfony\Component\PropertyInfo\PropertyInfoExtractor;
            use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Encoder\JsonEncoder;
            use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Mapping\Factory\ClassMetadataFactory;
            use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Mapping\Loader\AttributeLoader;
            use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Normalizer\ArrayDenormalizer;
            use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Normalizer\ObjectNormalizer;
            use Symfony\Component\Serializer\Serializer;
    

>             $reflectionExtractor = new ReflectionExtractor();
>             $phpDocExtractor = new PhpDocExtractor();
>             $propertyInfo = new PropertyInfoExtractor([], [$phpDocExtractor, $reflectionExtractor]);
>             
>             $classMetadataFactory = new ClassMetadataFactory(new AttributeLoader());
>             $normalizers = [new ObjectNormalizer($classMetadataFactory, null, null, $propertyInfo), new ArrayDenormalizer()];
>             
>             $this->serializer = new Serializer($normalizers, [new JsonEncoder()]);

Reviewer: Given the goal of the example, I think we could provide a more compact snippet.

```suggestion
            $propertyInfo = new PropertyInfoExtractor([], [new PhpDocExtractor(), new ReflectionExtractor()]);
            $normalizers = [new ObjectNormalizer(new ClassMetadataFactory(new AttributeLoader()), null, null, $propertyInfo), new ArrayDenormalizer()];
            
            $this->serializer = new Serializer($normalizers, [new JsonEncoder()]);
```

Reviewer 2: I did this change while merging. Thanks Javier.
